So we've talked about our images,
that's step one.
What's step two?
Semantic HTML.
So if you go to your website.
Website, find the website.
Go down to the big red button
where it says BEGINNING CODEPEN,
you will find here all of our people,
They're all here, I've given them to you.
I've told you, this is Michelle,
she's the owner, and
we need to include links to Instagram,
LinkedIn, and Mastodon.
Up here at the top, I've given you
the SVG icon URLs that you can use.
And I would recommend just putting
these inside of image tags, okay?
And see if you can figure out
how to set up your markup
here based on what I just told you.
Just worry about the first card, you
don't have to worry about the other ones.
You ready?
Go.
Okay, so hopefully your
semantic HTML worked out okay.
Let's start with the Our Team
here at the top of the page.
How did you mark that up?
Or how would you mark that up?
>> Usual header situation.
>> Header, yep, header.
Isn't it nice to have all
the styles already established?
Header and then inside of that,
of course is an h1 and a /h1.
There we go, all done.
Okay, then I'm just gonna
mark up this first one here.
All of the rest of them
are exactly the same idea.
So, how did you set these up?
What is the first element
you put in place?
>> Figure.
>> Figure, yeah.
So we're gonna start with figure here.
And we're gonna end with /figure.
/figure, okay?
And so there's our image.
And then how did you mark up
all of the stuff here inside?
The Michelle, Owner, and
the links to the various social media.
How did you mark that up?
>> I did a figcaption with a span around
the first name cuz it looks like there's
a little fancy text going on later.
>> Okay.
So we have a figcaption around and
a /figcaption to end it.
And then you're suggesting that
these are just spans right here for
the name of the person?
>> That's how I did the name.
I left the rest of it out of the span.
>> Cool.
Well, you were on the right track.
Yes, we need to have something around
the name but I did an h2, because again,
we start with an h1.
These are now individual people that
are kind of like headings on the page.
You would wanna know who
all these people are.
Maybe learn more about
one of these people.
So I've done that with an h2.
How about owner?
How would we mark up the owner
>> With an h3?
>> You could go with an h3, but
I went with just a plain old paragraph.
More as a generic kind of thing.
The important part here is the name of the
person and the title is less important.
Then we have our links to Instagram,
LinkedIn, and Mastodon.
So the link is gonna go how?
>> So is it gonna be an a or an image?
Cuz, if it's clickable it
should start with, yeah.
So it's an a, and
then it has its target and href.
But you can also have
the image source contained as
a separate element with inside.
>> Yeah, so
you can put in whatever you want here.
What order do I have these in?
I have Instagram first.
So instagram.com is good enough here.
We can say target="_blank",
okay, /a, right?
So those are links to these places.
We don't have anything to click on yet,
but we have the link.
[LAUGH] So we have Instagram,
we have LinkedIn, and we have Mastodon.
I think that's the right order, yeah.
Okay, then inside of each of
these we need to put in our SVG.
And the way I've done that
is just an img src=, and
you can copy down the assets
that I've given you here.
So here's the asset for the SVG,
alt="Instagram".
And because it has alt text, we don't have
to worry about, screen readers will have
those Instagram alt text and so
forth read off for each of those.
So I've got Instagram, I've got LinkedIn.
Img src="blah, blah, blah.
Alt=, "LinkedIn".
Okay, and then the last one is Mastodon.
Img src=", there's that link,
alt="Mastodon", okay,
Great, now, you can,
if you've left it just like this for
your semantic HTML,
that is totally fine what you have here.
Because you have the image at the top
here, these are each a figure.
Your image at the top,
your figure caption which contains
the name of the person, the owner.
And then a series of links.
One of the things that I did do here for
all of these links,
is I put a div with a class
of icons around this.
The reason why is, and then a /div.
So this is gonna go around each icon.
So we have a div with a class of
icons before each one of these links.
And a /div after.
And the reason why I did that is because
ultimately we have some common styling for
all of these icons that we will
want to do with our icons class.
Also, if you take a look
at each icon individually,
they have that,
in this case it's a green background,
and on hover, it's gonna turn blue.
We need some way of putting that
background color in there because if we
just look at what we've got right now,
we got icons.
They are honking big, [LAUGH] okay?
And that is awesome,
because all we've done is the HTML, and
that's the way they're supposed to look.
So we're gonna need some way of giving
them that background green color,
and the div is gonna provide us
that opportunity to give them that.
Okay, so this same pattern you're
gonna repeat all the way through for
the various other managers and so forth.
If you only have one link there,
then you'll only have one div with a class
of icons with the link inside of it.
Sometimes you have three of them.
Sometimes you have two of them.
Okay?
So that is how you're gonna continue
on with those for the rest of the page